Quality and Quickness is at one spot

EdayExports features quality suppliers and serves millions of registered international buyers who can make personalized sourcing inquiries via our website. We majorly deal with various Agricultural Products. We bear the burden of buyers by authenticating the Information of suppliers and verifying for Certificates.

mission
To provide the sky-high level of a cost-effective and efficient one-stop solution to the agricultural and food product needs of our customers, to build a reliable and abiding relationship.

service :
Our predominant focus is on providing solutions to Agro & food product's needs of customers. We achieve this through a stringent selection of farms and suppliers who share the same vision as ours. We also stipulate the choice of products we accept, and delivering it to the customers’ tables, are all done to the highest ethical and quality standards.

vision:
Passion for getting things right and our refusal to compromise on quality.

we deliver requested products and customers who have unique budgets with which they can purchase a product.

Spices
	A spice is a seed, fruit, root, bark, or other plant substance primarily used for flavoring, coloring or preserving food. Spices are distinguished from herbs, which are the leves, flowers, or stems of plants used for flavoring or as a garnish. Many spices have antimicrobial properties.
	
	Black Peppers:
		Black pepper, Piper nigrum, is a climbing perennial plant in the family Piperaceae which is grown for its fruits. The fruits are used to produce black, white and green peppercorns which are commonly used as a spice in cooking. Black pepper may be vining or have bushy, wooden stems.
		Advantages:
			High in antioxidants. Free radicals are unstable molecules that can damage your cells.
			Has anti-inflammatory properties.
			May benefit your brain and improve blood sugar control.
			May lower cholesterol levels.
			May have cancer-fighting properties.
			A versatile spice.		
	Sukku
		Sukku (Zingiber officinale) is a flowering plant whose rhizome, ginger root or ginger, is widely used as a spice and a folk medicine. It is a herbaceous perennial which grows annual pseudostems (false stems made of the rolled bases of leaves) about one meter tall bearing narrow leaf blades.
		Advantages:
			Ginger Contains Gingerol, a Substance With Powerful Medicinal Properties.
			Ginger Can Treat Many Forms of Nausea, Especially Morning Sickness.
			Ginger May Reduce Muscle Pain and Soreness.
			The Anti-Inflammatory Effects Can Help With Osteoarthritis.
	Cardamom
		Cardamom sometimes cardamon or cardamum, is a spice made from the seeds of several plants in the genera Elettaria and Amomum in the family. Cardamom has a strong, unique taste, with an intensely aromatic, resinous fragrance. Black cardamom has a distinctly more smoky, though not bitter, aroma, with a coolness some consider similar to mint.
		Advantages:
			Antioxidant and Diuretic Properties May Lower Blood Pressure.
			May Contain Cancer-Fighting Compounds.
			May Protect from Chronic Diseases Thanks to Anti-Inflammatory Effects.
			May Help with Digestive Problems, Including Ulcers.
			
Seeds			
	A seed is an embryonic plant enclosed in a protective outer covering. Seeds are the product of the ripened ovule, after fertilization by pollen and some growth within the mother plant. The embryo is developed from the zygote and the seed coat from the integuments of the ovule.
	
	Neotea field beans
		Lima beans, also known as Neotea field beans are popular legumes that are known for their mild buttery flavor and meaty texture. They are known by several regional names. Lima Beans in Tamil are called ‘Mochai’. These beans are highly nutritious in nature and provide protection against various ailments and diseases.
		Advantages:
			Blood Sugar
			Bone Development
			Hair Growth
			Digestion and Glowing Skin
	Urad dhal
		Ulutham paruppu in tamil. Made famous for idlee and vadai in tamilnadu now made all over the world. Vigna mungo, the black gram, urad bean, minapa pappu, mungo bean or black matpe bean is a bean grown in the Indian subcontinent.
		Advantages:
			Improves Digestion. Urad dal is rich in fibre, both soluble and insoluble, which is known improve our digestion.
			Protects Heart and Boosts Energy.
			Improves Bone Health and Strengthens Nervous System.
			Helps Manage Diabetes and Good For Skin And Hair.
	
	Corn
		Corn is a plant that grows long ears of kernels on tall, grass-like stalks. In many parts of the world, it's called maize instead of corn, which is an Old English word meaning "grain."
		Advantages:
			Energy Enhancer and Miracle for those underweight.
			Lowers Blood Sugar & Cholesterol Level.
			Helpful during Pregnancy.
			Preserve Healthy Skin.
			
Fresh Produce
	Jaggery
		Jaggery is often used as a replacement for refined sugar. Jaggery is produced using traditional methods, and contains trace amounts of micronutrients including iron, potassium, magnesium, and B-vitamins. Jaggery is sometimes consumed for its supposed digestive and other health benefits,
		Advantages:
			It prevents constipation by aiding digestion.
			It acts as a detox, as it helps cleanse the liver by flushing out nasty toxins from the body.
			Jaggery is loaded with antioxidants and minerals like zinc and selenium, which help prevent free-radicals (responsible for early ageing).
		
	Turmeric
		Turmeric has been used in Asia for thousands of years and is a major part of Ayurveda, Siddha medicine, traditional Chinese medicine, Unani, and the animistic rituals of Austronesian peoples. It was first used as a dye, and then later for its supposed properties in folk medicine.
		Advantages:
			Turmeric is an Anti-Inflammatory
			Turmeric Contains Bioactive Compounds With Powerful Medicinal Properties.
			Dramatically Increases the Antioxidant Capacity of the Body.
			Turmeric Can Help Prevent (And Perhaps Even Treat) Cancer.
			May Help Treat or Prevent Diabetes.
	Ginger
		Ginger, Zingiber officinale, is an erect, herbaceous perennial plant in the family Zingiberaceae grown for its edible rhizome (underground stem) which is widely used as a spice. The rhizome is brown, with a corky outer layer and pale-yellow scented center.
		Advantages:
			Ginger Contains Gingerol, a Substance With Powerful Medicinal Properties.
			Ginger Can Treat Many Forms of Nausea, Especially Morning Sickness.
			Ginger May Reduce Muscle Pain and Soreness.
			The Anti-Inflammatory Effects Can Help With Osteoarthritis.
	Red banana
		Red bananas are a group of varieties of banana with reddish-purple skin. When ripe, raw red bananas have a flesh that is cream to light pink in color. They are also softer and sweeter than the yellow Cavendish varieties, some with a slight raspberry flavor and others with an earthy one.
		Advantages	
			May Lower Blood Pressure and Support Eye Health.
			Rich in Antioxidants and May Support Your Immune System.
			May Improve Digestive Health.
			Delicious and Easy to Add to Your Diet.
